together
[Applause]
foreign
with an error code
you're in Ohio
[Music]
is it suggested on CI would be
interesting
foreign
uh
[Music]
how long ago oh my God
okay so I think
is it bad place
or even
okay
foreign
okay okay
[Music]
there's situations where no errors occur
in the universe
that's
yeah
[Music]
okay let's
experience
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
everything
bro
[Applause]
okay sweet
all right so you're sleeping okay I love
this actually so wait did you get the
air again
so
um
this is actually pretty cool I'm glad
that I experimented
current exceptions
get the stack of exceptions currently
being handled from nested plus they're
maybe more than one current okay fine so
we don't have any nests so it's okay
you guys
I'm gonna turn the current acceptance
back
no so I caught I can't
um
see what I actually want is
yeah because
so anyways
um
started
ones
but at least we
get to learn about statues
[Applause]
unknown
I bet it doesn't I feel like it doesn't
take that long
okay
so let's try
again
I should put the progress bar on good
Dad too
and it's not
okay
okay well
we delved into the symbols but
um but of course
but right now the main thing that we
have we have a goal and it's not just
like yeah
um
yeah so that's fine
it's gonna get this this
however we don't have the ID anymore
okay so we have the ideas we need a pass
actually
workouts so
um
insert
ID to
me
LOL
um
okay I mean how hard is it
all right
um
[Music]
like what sometimes
thank you
and of course I'm
um
thank you
guys
I'm watching something like
but
so I had that stuff
foreign
[Music]
exercise
which is not return the name people how
about that
[Laughter]
okay
[Music]
you can actually
um
okay fine
that's much cleaner
um
so you just give it
away
and actually why have we been passing
this question again
all right
guys
tournament
Okay so
here let's just say
um
yeah
I remember what channel is that before
I add the ID
ol
I didn't know that it's gonna be the
same order so you should just be able to
because they're emerge
okay use you have pretty good bags split
into the name two bolts and the models
themselves now the models is
[Music]
foreign
yeah
okay fine so I'll just call this the
time Rule and it takes in the goods
um
so that should be okay
oh I don't use the models that's okay
yeah
the problem is this is it
this is yeah
I make this stupid [__] functions
in this one I was like am I going to do
this operation twice it's kind of absurd
what's the right thing to do essentially
yeah
anyways
um
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna
the whole thing because
it's just too much
if I just give this
one
upstairs
wait actually
at some point
I use this
exactly
I think that the constructors
it's so awesome
[Applause]
foreign
either way
um
stack
please
bro
oh
my God
there we go
I think that's right
okay now if I do get a frame on this
and then I give it um
this [__] thing
nice
cool okay so I'm done with this
uh
hilariously though um
we can just make it any so lens uh
it's so certain actually as well
all right we're gonna do this too
this is just so stupid
thank you
yeah I need I need to I need tests so
okay so let's make a quick dictionary
um
good ideas
[Music]
that's something
foreign
thank you
um
data
thank you
okay there we go so I think that that is
actually a little more and then if I
could collect on this
all right cool
all right all right so we at least test
that I'm not a total dick dumbass
um
[Applause]
everybody
so
okay
um
right there
I have unzipped until every package I've
ever written here
it's possible because
that's fine whatever
um
[Applause]
[Music]
contribute
um
[Music]
yeah
I'm going to
um
wait these are the biggest models that's
not right
I guess these are small numbers I don't
know
download
wait this is
I did a short term
thank you
bro sometimes
okay let's time how long it takes
how do you do a speed test from
I don't know
all right
that's pretty useful
bruh
um
actually maybe I should do it
thank you
foreign
[Music]
it's okay it's fine
whether or not I care about uh
downloading
yes
converted
maybe I should just
uh
maybe I should
say
um
this
is
okay
uh
foreign
[Music]
I've been so busy with the [__]
flower it's crazy
um
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
um
[Music]
foreign
all right
you know I don't know
installations
I don't think that's good though
very cool
okay so I should do a tag bar
yeah
I'm down to do that okay so
um
[Applause]
you know
anyone tell us uh
you know uh
[Applause]
yeah
wow
oh my God
that's insane okay so let's um
yeah
foreign
something like
this
it's like call them boys
okay so I think that the plan has
basically
um
I'm gonna have
it's me
[Music]
um
releases
I'm not really she's gonna register yet
foreign
sure okay
all right
[Music]
okay
you know
Okay cool so now what we can do is
um
all right
beautiful now we do
uh yeah archived
the map thanks to extra identity
foreign
all right
that's annoyingly slow
ly
um
wait actually hold on
uh I bet I bet
[Applause]
oh wow
so useful
it's actually insane
release
easily
and then you give it a tag is that
optional
yeah for sure
um
mark this is the latest that should be
done by default
default automatic based on it
it's like another
oh internet let's try it I'm like so
down for this I need to create a turbo
okay okay so take this long on super
fast enough not bad at all so now let's
just do Red Dirt
okay
I'm trying to improve
I've done this before
[Music]
but it's okay
um
I guess we have 616 models now we want
to do is hard
create
um
the body
there is some latency in the like
terminal
I don't know
okay
it's 103 days
um
thank you
okay
um
offices on YouTube
just to get the
even close this guy this guy's not
important anymore
um
okay
around me
it would have been so nice
I'm gonna
um
I mean
why isn't getting a Partners though
foreign
interestingly I in my case I don't even
want to use it
[Applause]
let's say what I'll do is I'll add the
um
I put as an artifacts thing in the
biomodical analysis
here
now how do I generate this because
um
okay
what sounds like
fairies
um
[Music]
okay
um
sometimes
sure
[Music]
um
include all Char balls
that's your research that's pretty sick
all I need is one
thing okay so let's do this
are you embarrassed they're part one
turn it off and then I do it data
uh
foreign
in the relationship
oh wow it's up already that's crazy
okay sir
so this thing is
okay so this is the
this is the asset
um
I need to go back to the dogs
effective
but it's nice
okay so it's okay
all right
so let's go back
sort of fireman
so I feel like yeah
um
[Applause]
so dumb
thank God they fixed that
oh wait did that
no there's no way to do it okay
um
[Music]
that's it
it's like two and a half minutes
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
right
this is
awesome
thank you
please artifact
right
okay
all right sorry let's just die then
we'll just see everyone in this game
um
thank you
okay this is just uh
what is this
I bet it has no dubs
okay yeah that makes sense
okay
okay so I think I should be able to just
copy that like right into the
artifacts.com
[Music]
oh that's actually nice okay I'm done
with this all right so let's try it
I just want to read this uh
[Applause]
just like
artifact and
uh URL
um
sacrifice
the same example you should do that
for example
in one of my classes
[Laughter]
okay
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
a little bit
um
no he's not okay
foreign
everything
but I I can figure this a nice one
foreign
tomorrow
all right let's just try this
what is Turbo
oh I think okay I think
foreign
I don't know so I think the Powerball
turbo is a link to the dot okay
uh and then posing helps creating a
terrible with the Jesus command is
beautiful okay so let's try that
so
um okay so this is actually not a
so this I'm actually going to remember
okay
uh
come here
what is terrible in there
this assumes that dur is the director
you want
oh
thank you
okay that makes sense
foreign
thank you
are long
but now I can just look like
um
so you're probably gonna run out better
again
that's working as expected
um
foreign
create
is it done
no
I could have just downloaded them again
I could try to
there is a bit of this
okay it's hard to create
character
and actually
um
okay beautiful
[Music]
Twilight
oh it's 10 Megs
that's nuts
okay but now I want to so now that I
have this thing I'm trying to get here
and uh
um
beautiful
you're welcome
all right so now we can go to this part
of place
experience trap tree hash here I don't
know if that's gonna work let me change
the the his memory
let me do this
uh
um
wonderful time
okay so that should be way quicker
so
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
with Michelle
where it didn't work
you cannot locate artifacts
oh this is just my triplet
s
yeah
no no it's fine is
nice let's go guys that's exactly what
we wanted
beautiful and it's unzipped and the
Turbo is 10 Megs I made 600 models
um beautiful
so we're nearing the end of the
artifacts part of this we just need to
um
okay so oh yeah I need to remove these
[__] okay
okay
I need to remove this [__] packages
but how do I
mean
all right
okay [__] this guy for up for making a
new package
I think instantiate actually
this is pretty cool I've never done this
before
it's not that hard but it's a little bit
tedious because there's no
um
I think that's just a warning
yeah
foreign
but
they got a package in here
and now this is going to know if I
oh it's gonna do this thing again
super annoying
let me just do it on my turn okay so
here I don't need this anymore let me
close this guy
um
nice
beautiful baby that's so nice
foreign
thank you
the motor does no testing so that's
that's good
so that means that we actually want to
generate
good bad
and it's just this one yes
I mean we need to do it every time like
it only took five minutes though so
I should just do it on
um
you need a ship and we need to ship the
index actually
yeah
uh I should have thought of that
yeah so let me just write a
um
on purpose
but actually
the way that I download them is that
these these IDs are actually fine so I
can use the ideas I'm gonna just uh base
name so let's do that
okay so we're ready wait is this gonna
[__] trigger compilation again I bet
it will no
oh
every second yeah make the log here
that's okay
um
for now I'm gonna skip that
and we don't even need this
because we're going to be generating
questions so
cool
thank you
I don't think we need the problem
but just do it
um
Okay so
yes
so we should okay
we don't need this
um so I can just copy anyway
um
okay so I think we're good to come in uh
I don't think tests necessarily pass
um
it's not
it's that you have uh you take a vector
that's
your uh
so here what you do is you
you do um
cheese because
um to
uh oh yeah
foreign
and I
think
it should be pulled out good bad tea
oh yeah
thank you
all right let me not write it in a nice
way yet just because I'm
whatever
oh that's
good
thank you
um
but you want to actually store
everything
so you want like this little waterfall
in front of us so
how do you do this
so this is
so they should be the same way
basically we're going to
um
choose these yeah
you don't want to do this
[Applause]
um
let's just do this
I think that'll work
and basically the F's are gonna be
so this is the first step oh
why does this never work
if it has a single method this should
just work
two special casing guys
well it's really unpenny so you can do
this
this number
all right
bro
look at this
mentioned the name don't work I don't
know
okay fine but regardless it passes if
it's attacked and
this
yeah
right actually
just so there you go I'm such a messy
person
okay this is
no shop this works but maybe
foreign
okay
thank you
right okay but it's impossible for this
big bear
um
yeah okay so why one
oh so it was a good
[Music]
oh yeah
foreign
okay
it is
no
oh it is
bottom
whatever yeah this is the contradiction
program [__] okay
so you're in the model and then
I always forget this tree Okay so
foreign
[Music]
all right
yeah I'm not ready
can we all right you know what's the
time
let's just gonna move
and then maybe I can just comment this
off
you could also
ever
foreign
[Music]
I think
we do need a way to do a catalyst so I
saw something where was that with uh
future United catalysts
um
okay
two networks and network models are too
pretty much the compositional design
system using interacting Community show
how to combine them using the concept of
the catalog
I'm teaching at a place
if it's integrate because it's a degree
for every transition we show how
patronette with a chosen set of
catalysts and networking models this
network model Maps
that's interesting so it will be so is
the susceptible population a catalyst
the in degree
where's the picture
the in degree is
a place
as a catalysters
for every transistor
what is a place
this network model Maps any list of
catalysts from The Chosen set to the
categories and morphisms are all the
processes enabled by this Earthly
catalysts applying the gryffindite
construction we obtain a category of
fibroid over the category whose objects
are lists of catalysts
this category has
morphism is all processes
this category has this morphism all
processes are enabled
foreign
a patriot can be drawn as a bipartite
directed graph whose vertices are in two
kind of places Jonas circles and
transitions throughout the schools okay
applications to chemistry places are
also called species when we run a petri
net we start by placing a finite number
of [__]
I'm probably gonna turn it back though
I'm at 33 here
together
let's see what's going on
foreign
chemical Mass equation
thank you
I guess the places
I don't think this is the same thing
foreign
[Applause]
okay
let's go
I don't think the threading helps uh
okay
[Applause]
okay but basically what I want to do
it basically like
[Music]
um
okay okay
right
um
I want to see the mass action give my
example
I should start from the bottom at the
most simple model
thank you
that's right
is this because I'm like
I'm like worried that it just gets slow
and slow maybe you could just discard
but I don't like discarding them
but why do I need that
um
foreign
[Music]
okay
supposedly
15 minutes yeah attendance absurd we
can't do this
uh well
um
the true running the test locally
I mean look at the time it just keeps
going up and up and off my suspicion is
that
[Applause]
and it goes for the in this video
I just added the stuff yeah
thank you
back
um
yeah we're still pretty compelling a
bunch of crazy stuff
but I'm only getting ready I mean I'm
getting ready I think that this is
pretty good at least we can use those
pretty much and find out all of the uh
foreign
[Applause]
whatever
that's pretty long
no yeah there's another area
let's [__] go
that's [__] though yeah
that's exactly what it wanted to see
happen
we gotta change the name of that but
yeah
I hate numbers
[__] so slow
and everything
my advice
oh my husband to die unfortunately
thank you
dude what is going on
yeah
5 minutes
um
right and then yeah okay that's actually
exactly what I expected because they
were none has
that were messed up by
some HTML website
foreign
and
okay I think we're done
[Music]
the way
foreign
and this stuff
um
foreign
[Music]
nice
nice all right so we're gonna drop this
whole thing off
oh wait I can actually
okay well
we should add
foreign
[Music]